# 2025.10

## 整理人：林睿楠

---

## caret

caret: 插入符号

(https://www.markdownguide.org/extended-syntax/#footnotes)

To create a footnote reference, add a ***caret*** and an identifier inside brackets (\[^1\]). Identifiers can be numbers or words, but they can’t contain spaces or tabs. Identifiers only correlate the footnote reference with the footnote itself — in the output, footnotes are numbered sequentially.

---

## mantra

mantra: 咒语

(Practical Vim - Chapter 19 - Tip 112 - Update the Document As You Scroll Through the Word List)

I prefer the \<C-p\> and \<C-n\> chords over \<Up\> and \<Down\> for a couple of reasons. I don’t have to move my hand from the home row when using \<C-p\> and \<C-n\>. Also, I don’t have to confirm my choice by pressing \<CR\> or \<C-y\> because the text is inserted into the document automatically. Once again, we meet our ***mantra*** from Tip 46, on page 108: keep your fingers on the home row.

---

## gulp

gulp: 吞咽

(Practical Vim - Chapter 19 - Tip 112 - Refine the Word List as You Type)

This can be especially handy if the word list contains too many suggestions to read in one visual ***gulp***. Suppose that the word list contains twenty suggestions and we typed only a partial word consisting of two characters. If we type a third character, the word list will be immediately refined. We can continue typing characters in this manner until the word list is short enough to be useful and we can make our selection.

---

## amalgamation

amalgamation: 合并

(Practical Vim - Chapter 19 - Tip 113)

Several variant forms of autocompletion use a specific file or set of files to generate their word list. Generic keyword autocompletion uses an amalgamation of these word lists. To understand where generic keywords come from, we should first look at each of the more targeted forms of autocompletion.

---

## tweak, tinker

tweak: 调整
tinker: 修补

(Practical Vim - Chapter 19 - Tip 113 - Included Files)

Vim understands the C way of including files, but it can be taught to follow the corresponding directives in other languages by ***tweaking*** the ‘include’ setting (see :h 'include'). This is usually handled by a file-type plugin. And the good news is that Vim is distributed with support for many languages, so you shouldn’t have to ***tinker*** with this setting unless you are working with an unsupported language. Try opening a Ruby or Python file and running :set include?, and you should find that Vim already knows how to look up included files for those languages.

---

# by-product

by-product: 副产品

(Practical Vim - Chapter 19 - Tip 113 - Tag Files)

The main reason for indexing a codebase with ctags is to make it easier to navigate, but a tags file creates a useful ***by-product***: a list of keywords that can be used for autocompletion. We can dial up this list using the \<C-x\>\<C-]\> command (see :h compl-tag).
